development/data/faq.md, before:

## What is DurHack 2018?
November 2018 marks the third iteration of DurHack, Durham University Computing Society's flagship annual hackathon. 150 students from Durham and around the country will come together in teams of four for a weekend-long programming competition full of freebies, prizes, workshops and entertainment.
## Can I attend?
Anybody who is over 18 and a current registered student, or who has graduated after 18th November 2017, can attend. Your degree subject doesn't matter, all you need is a love for tech!
## Does DurHack cost to attend?
DurHack is completely free to attend, and could not run without the generosity of our sponsors. We provide the space, WiFi, meals, snacks, and free swag. 
## When will tickets be released?
Tickets have now sold out! [Join our waiting list](https://ducompsoc.typeform.com/to/EdTnik) to be the first to hear if more tickets become available.
## Do I need to be able to code to attend DurHack?
The most important thing when attending a hackathon is your enthusiasm for technology. DurHack is passionate about being very welcoming and beginner-friendly, and you'll learn loads at the event!  
If you want to learn to code but don't know where to start, you should definitely [read this blogpost](https://medium.com/on-coding/you-can-already-code-you-just-dont-know-it-yet-862044601a5a).
## Should I attend DurHack?
If you've thought at all about attending DurHack, yes! DurHack is welcoming to people of all abilities, all that's important is your enthusiasm for tech and a willingness to get stuck in with your team. DurHack is designed to have an inclusive and encouraging environment, and don't be afraid to ask anyone for help at the event!
## What can I eat?
We'll provide you with meals, snacks and drinks throughout the weekend, leaving you to concentrate on your projects. If you have special dietary requirements, please let us know when you register.
## What should I bring?
All attendees will need to show valid student ID (other photo ID is acceptable for graduates) at registration. You'll also need a laptop and a charger, and you might want to bring a sleeping bag and toiletries.
## How big can teams be?
Teams of up to four are eligible for prizes. You can also hack solo if you prefer!
## What if I don't have a team?
Don't worry! Part of the fun of a hackathon is meeting new people. We'll have a team-building event before hacking begins for those who want to meet and form new teams.
## Can I take a break overnight?
You'll have 24 hours to create your project. It's important to take regular breaks, and that's why we'll be providing a relaxation room for attendees to have a rest if they want. Part of the fun of the hackathon is coding through the night!
## What can I build and who owns the IP?
Web apps, mobile apps, hardware, anything! Projects will be judged based on their creativity, technical accomplishments, polish and usefulness by our judges.   
**The IP of your work remains with you, the attendees.**
## Do you have a code of conduct?
Everybody at DurHack 2018 will be expected to abide by the [MLH code of conduct](https://static.mlh.io/docs/mlh-code-of-conduct.pdf).  
TL;DR: be respectful of each other.
## Where is DurHack taking place?
The main event will be taking place in the Department of Earth Sciences, Durham University, whereas meals will be served in the Calman Learning Centre. The buildings will be clearly sign-posted.  
If you're travelling to Durham by train, it's either a 25-minute walk from the station to our venue, or a short ride on the number **6**, **56**, **57**, **57A** or **X12** bus from the bus station to the Science Site.
## What if I have other questions?
DurHack is an MLH Member Event. You should take a look at the [MLH FAQs](https://mlh.io/faq) for more answers to your questions.

If you're still not sure about something, drop us a line at [hello@durhack.com](mailto:hello@durhack.com) and we'll be very happy to help!

Commit message:

Add travel reimbursement to FAQs

development/data/faq.md, after:

## What is DurHack 2018?
November 2018 marks the third iteration of DurHack, Durham University Computing Society's flagship annual hackathon. 150 students from Durham and around the country will come together in teams of four for a weekend-long programming competition full of freebies, prizes, workshops and entertainment.
## Can I attend?
Anybody who is over 18 and a current registered student, or who has graduated after 18th November 2017, can attend. Your degree subject doesn't matter, all you need is a love for tech!
## Does DurHack cost to attend?
DurHack is completely free to attend, and could not run without the generosity of our sponsors. We provide the space, WiFi, meals, snacks, and free swag. 
## When will tickets be released?
Tickets have now sold out! [Join our waiting list](https://ducompsoc.typeform.com/to/EdTnik) to be the first to hear if more tickets become available.
## Do I need to be able to code to attend DurHack?
The most important thing when attending a hackathon is your enthusiasm for technology. DurHack is passionate about being very welcoming and beginner-friendly, and you'll learn loads at the event!  
If you want to learn to code but don't know where to start, you should definitely [read this blogpost](https://medium.com/on-coding/you-can-already-code-you-just-dont-know-it-yet-862044601a5a).
## Should I attend DurHack?
If you've thought at all about attending DurHack, yes! DurHack is welcoming to people of all abilities, all that's important is your enthusiasm for tech and a willingness to get stuck in with your team. DurHack is designed to have an inclusive and encouraging environment, and don't be afraid to ask anyone for help at the event!
## What can I eat?
We'll provide you with meals, snacks and drinks throughout the weekend, leaving you to concentrate on your projects. If you have special dietary requirements, please let us know when you register.
## What should I bring?
All attendees will need to show valid student ID (other photo ID is acceptable for graduates) at registration. You'll also need a laptop and a charger, and you might want to bring a sleeping bag and toiletries.
## Will you be offering travel reimbursements?
Thanks to our sponsors, we have a limited budget for travel reimbursements for students coming from outside Durham. We are able to reimburse up to **£50/head** – please keep your receipt and we will provide more information closer to the event on how to claim reimbursement. 
## How big can teams be?
Teams of up to **four** are eligible for prizes. You can also hack solo if you prefer!
## What if I don't have a team?
Don't worry! Part of the fun of a hackathon is meeting new people. We'll have a team-building event before hacking begins for those who want to meet and form new teams.
## Can I take a break overnight?
You'll have 24 hours to create your project. It's important to take regular breaks, and that's why we'll be providing a relaxation room for attendees to have a rest if they want. Part of the fun of the hackathon is coding through the night!
## What can I build and who owns the IP?
Web apps, mobile apps, hardware, anything! Projects will be judged based on their creativity, technical accomplishments, polish and usefulness by our judges.   
**The IP of your work remains with you, the attendees.**
## Do you have a code of conduct?
Everybody at DurHack 2018 will be expected to abide by the [MLH code of conduct](https://static.mlh.io/docs/mlh-code-of-conduct.pdf).  
TL;DR: be respectful of each other.
## Where is DurHack taking place?
The main event will be taking place in the Department of Earth Sciences, Durham University, whereas meals will be served in the Calman Learning Centre. The buildings will be clearly sign-posted.  
If you're travelling to Durham by train, it's either a 25-minute walk from the station to our venue, or a short ride on the number **6**, **56**, **57**, **57A** or **X12** bus from the bus station to the Science Site.
## What if I have other questions?
DurHack is an MLH Member Event. You should take a look at the [MLH FAQs](https://mlh.io/faq) for more answers to your questions.

If you're still not sure about something, drop us a line at [hello@durhack.com](mailto:hello@durhack.com) and we'll be very happy to help!
